hey everybody welcome acting on the land
please the binding of issac after birth
plus we're straight up I've been playing
like garbage lately so if you're going
through hell keep going we're gonna do
some keeper runs here to try to make
this work you know what believe in we
why not why not give it a try right look
at that we win
now we win as a result of this t13 e fw
k i firmly believe in my my limited
experience you know i'm not a sports
psychologist or god forbid any sports
psychologists or anything like that not
that I'm looking down on eSports to be a
little bit you know pot calling the
kettle black here but all I'm saying is
I'm not a sports psychologist if you
know you're 70 million dollar contract
pitcher you know he's got the yips what
do you do I don't know what I do know
this is a little silly that we've
whipped three times in a row on this but
what I do know is that for me personally
seems like the best option is to keep
going you know actually it
counter-intuitively give yourself a
difficult run and then if you succeed
it'll feel like you got back on the
horse you know oh dude speed up is
Street extremely good and then the
piercing shots of course speak for
themselves but so we're gonna do a run
as the hardest character in the game I
think that this is pretty much doubtless
although hey don't you think that maybe
Judas or apollyon are the hardest
characters haha oh the roasting okay no
those I mean I don't think I lost one
runs apollyon maybe the second one you
know it went down too early for us to
know but certainly I'm still like you
feel like you shouldn't lose three runs
in a row at this point in your eyes and
career so what do you do remind yourself
that you actually can play pretty well
you know be the keeper win a run all day
long you'll have good fun that's what
the hell is your grandma ever tell you
that be the keeper winner run all day
long you'll have good fun I've taught
that for years dude and a speed upgrade
you might think this is disappointing to
me you would be incorrect I actually
think that it is excellent we needed I
don't really want to worry about getting
a five cents before the next floor if we
could do it without incurring too much
risk as long as we didn't get hit twice
on the first room we went to but why
invite that sort of evil into our lives
for a 50% chance to have a chance to get
an arcade seems like a bit of a pipe
dream Aquarius is okay it is going to do
an adequate job of you know hurting some
enemies who are trying to take us down
gotta shoot these petrified who provides
some value I also I always always always
have to remind myself as the keeper
there's no reason most of the time not
to go to the shop so you just this is
like the exact scenario that better safe
than sorry was invented for take your
time to push that thing over don't like
fighting enemies on secret rooms I think
we should open it because we don't have
anything else to do with our keys you
know we don't need to use them to get to
the shop as as indicated we should be
using head of the keeper not head of the
keeper but uh wouldn't nickel more often
I see the stopwatch in there and I'm
looking and I'm liking to quote Ben
Stiller from the 2004 classic Meet the
Fockers if we can get to it's pretty
unlikely but if we can get to 15 cents
the stopwatch would well actually it's
not as valuable as I'm giving a credit
for right now old stopwatch would be
amazing existing stopwatch which means
you know if you get hit once you get the
stopwatch effect it would be helpful
it's like a nice way to ensure that you
know we're less likely to get hit a
second time after getting here once but
far from compulsory I'd say maybe we're
better off just saving our money so the
deal with the devil we should be only
taking if there's something that can uh
you know it's tough
and it's tough because we could take
multi-dimensional baby at least in
theory and then get HP but I'm going to
choose not to do that for two reasons
one is if I touch the spikes I will die
and this run you know we're two floors
in I don't think it's disposable anymore
not on that level at least I would I
would feel bad if I died on this run I
guess is what I'm saying
Sagittarius is decent upgrade okay okay
okay
and the other thing is angel rooms have
been a buff so I kind of feel like this
week I owe it to myself to see if that's
actually a meaningful difference or if
it's just like something that's more
conceptual or you know in theory angel
rooms are better but actually they're
still largely fairly bad I have a
feeling they're actually you know
markedly better so I'm quite happy about
that perfect timing to get a key thank
you very much and honestly we've got a
good foundation right now 2020 shouldn't
affect our rate of fire which means that
it should be excellent because we should
be shooting five shots yet instead of
three and I don't know if they're
tightly bunched or if they're more
tightly bunched than they used to be but
they cover the same spread with more
shots which to me means more damage per
per barrage here for lack of a better
word so I'm happy with that to be honest
with you a wrath fight when we're low on
bombs doesn't bother me too much
we don't want mr. boom but I appreciate
the the offer regardless so the next big
thing for us is I mean obviously if we
can find a way to get swallowed penny
sweet if we can find out just you know
you kind of nipped me in the bud there
but I was just about to say like the
shop is extremely important if we can
get nun's habit or something like that
I'll be a very happy camper I think it's
fairly unrealistic for us to not take
damage you know of course in a perfect
world that would be awesome we don't
live in a perfect world as the keeper
although the run has been great
so far so I'm not going to complain too
hard so seven cents for five bombs is
like just on its own merits I think that
that's an acceptable deal let's take
that move along here we could use like
four of those bombs if we wanted to try
to get that golden chest for you but
let's stay away for now so the big thing
on this floor now again if we're not
going to get the trinket and we're not
going to get none sabot which is very
clear at least for the nun's habit what
we are best off looking for here is like
the nine percent chance to get a deal
and it's like a four and a half I was
really dumb of me four and a half
percent chance to get the deal with the
angel let's take the pill now it feels
like I'm walking on sunshine we've been
better off here but that's fine
the good thing about doing a keeper run
when it's like not a daily then we got
like a you know seven percent chance now
it's like a five point seven five
percent chance of getting a deal with
the angel here as long as you don't get
hit and the hollow is like the perfect
boss to get completely shat on by
piercing shots so you know we got these
vanilla Doritos here they're doing a
good job I'll take it but mostly it's
four shot speed purposes at this point
I'm happy we're still alive but we need
a little bit more but I'm starting to
believe don't make me reroll well this
money potential here glad we moved at
least before we use that yeah
okay so locus of conquest could be great
wow it's big whoops there we got enough
money to feel okay about it now we
actually need to pay attention to our
keys but the idea is the locust is
guaranteed damage
I think guaranteed damage once per room
on the floor is worth way more than one
key so I'm all about that and I'll
apologize if it seems like I'm all
business right now I just have had a bad
run of form and Isaac lately you know
you know you and me and I'm talking
about you know the Royal you at this
point we've been around the block we've
gone through Isaac ups and downs
any of you were probably here for that
like 115 streak many of you have been
here through some terrible play
there's ebbs and flows in in my Isaac's
series I go through areas of consistency
and then inconsistency without usually
as there is you know we come back to a
certain level of like not optimal but at
least decent play you just got to kind
of ride it I think it's you got to like
lean into a slump I understand a slump
I've slumped at times in my life I don't
think there's any shame in that all it
takes is you know bad dice roll combined
with bad play lowers your
self-confidence a little bit and all of
a sudden you're like you know why maybe
I'm just I've lost my mojo in this game
and I think that that's you know you get
into some self-defeating psychology
that's that's unhealthy
what I do is I accept the slump and then
I go how do we beat this and I think the
way you beat it is by forcing your own
hand at least in Isaac I don't know I'm
not gonna if the Red Sox want to hire me
come and talk to me Theo Epstein Epstein
I don't know I mean it's not win Ben
Stein's money I'll give you that that
was not a smart play on my part
especially because we need keys to go to
the everywhere I'm gonna have to pick
that up if I we can take damage and then
pick it up and get no penny out of it
but feel like we used it properly or we
could just pick it up and then try not
to take damage over the rest of this
yeah we eat keys because we haven't been
to our item room and we haven't been to
our shop yet we could always walk back
for shop key but what about me makes you
think that I'm that kind of player
it's a long walk there we go one key
first key I might just use it for the
item room I know we've already of the
second key nice dodge brain it's like a
lot of matrix math to do here to figure
out where it's safe to stand but it was
really good
see I was worried about coming into the
shop and having the shop be greed
thankfully it's not cherry it's pretty
good it's a better deal chance now we'll
go back and with two keys we can
definitely afford to go to our item room
in the item room is HP up in theory we
shouldn't have taken this quite yet
because we could get a deal with the
devil that gives us something great that
costs us HP we don't want to do that the
chance of it being catastrophic is way
way way too high to justify it but I'm
still banking on this angel chance here
stigmata by the way not the most amazing
damage upgrade but everything helps
especially considering it's like
multiplied by five right now because of
the number of shots we got coming out of
our brain ROM mega it's actually like a
tempting use of the chariot card I think
you don't have the luxury of using those
cards like the way you want to you have
to use them the way you have to we're
going to take this moms pearls for a
luck upgrade nun's habit okay and then
please give me keys he's done it go back
to the well ah okay we're done and
dusted I don't think we want to fight
the angel statue although that would be
very hilarious if we were able to kill
uh mega Satan I'm going to just throw
that on the backburner
so we got negative one luck but what we
do have now is nun's habit nuns have it
is like a plus forty percent chance to
win any
give and run so you can see them on TV
any given run day when the keeper run
and drive off in a Hyundai actually
thank you for bringing it up but I do
Drive us
Ford Focus it's not a Hyundai it's a
Ford Focus thinking about slapping some
sick decals on it you know like one
that's just like Isaac's face and I'll
be like this cars got a speed upgrade
and then at a stoplight I'll look at you
in the face and they'll go right here
that's not how that engine sounds but it
is like it's a 1 liter so it's killing
it you know I've already taken one hit
on this room let's take these jokers out
I understand a 1 liter is not a
particularly fast automobile but I'm not
Tracy Chapman I don't need a fast car I
just need something reliable in the city
and the gas mileage is out of this world
all I need now is a bumper sticker of
Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes like
peeing on another cars logo to justify
you know or strengthen my feelings of
making the correct purchase I don't know
what who'd afford owners hate I'm
relying on you for this one makes me
laugh like I grew up in this is probably
not that specific to my area but I grew
up in a pretty rural area so even when
we were like you know 10 years old that
was so stupid
but we did get a golden bond we would
have like arguments on the playground
and be like Chevy's better than Ford
it's like you've never driven a car
before in your life
nah-uh my dad let me pull it into the
driveway once and the power you can feel
from that engine is just incredible you
know we we'd have arguments about it
we had no idea what I still do this day
don't know you know what I'm looking for
in a car on a regular basis actually
like sometimes I research like which
restaurant I want to go to for a special
occasion more than I research the car
that I've actually purchased you know
with my own
a year I'm not suggesting that that's a
good course of action in fact quite the
opposite I'm just going back for a
little HP here because this run is
looking a little scary now please tell
me yes well worth the key but really
like we went in and we're let's look at
some colors what are you looking for I
don't know I would like it to be
reliable and not super expensive and
then we test-drove like the focus and I
was like this is a car this feels like
it's a car and then we bought it
sometimes you know I'll be like you want
to go to that restaurant no I'm not
really feeling Belgian food tonight
mmm what kind of you'd call and inquire
as to when their muscles for the moules
frites were cut are they like the most
yuppie thing I've ever said are there
personal shoppers for cars I guess it's
like the Internet so I've made a
cardinal mistake you should never
solicit vehicle advice on the internet
because you're going to feel very
self-conscious about your
decision-making process already I know
as soon as I bought the focus people
were like you should have gotten a Mazda
3 and now every time I see a Mazda 3 I'm
like I should I can't get to see you
thinking of the implication the daddy to
be okay 6g p yd w CQ or you go for it I
mean the thing is how could I not go for
it you know that run was fine
I played okay where did we wisp
well I mean I hate that we got nine volt
none seven and still lost but basically
we got hit by you know a shot from a
random sprinkler basically and that cost
us the game so I do feel like we whipped
on that one but I don't feel like it's a
colossal failure you creep shots are
okay you do have to give it up for
unicorn Stumpf to an extent but
doesn't really fit the run right now
anyway
yeah not believe it or not I'm not too
bummed about that one like I think it
said not altogether terrible do you want
to grab all the money that's available
here and this I was hoping would be a
special shop it's not a battery baby
versus re-rolling your item rooms these
are the kind of interesting questions
you find yourself getting into on a on a
keeper run you want to take battery baby
or do you want to but we might not be
able to do either so don't get your
hopes up too much but given the choice
we want to put money into the reroll
machine possibly getting something
useful for cheaper or you want battery
baby which occasionally might save us
the run probably unlikely to be that
good but we need more money first though
so let's you know again don't get too
attached to it first off we could use
the bomb to get a better chance of
getting something from our reroll
machine we could also use the bomb for
gain in the secret room getting enough
money to buy battery baby we use a lot
of money to buy battery baby you know if
we're lucky enough to make that
situation come to fruition we have a
serious problem though because you know
we can't get an arcade on the next floor
do we even won an arcade in the next
floor I don't know it gives you HP when
you walk into it you could maybe get a
free speed upgrade buy a blood bag or
something like that and we already just
got a free speed upgrade so you know
it's like I don't know at this point
what I'm supposed to do so this is our
secret room I think we should use our
bomb here I think it gives us more
flexibility in our next decision making
process we got six cents for it that
beats the average so step two is then
you put two cents into this thing up to
two cents into this thing you get homing
tears that's amazing and then we still
have enough money to buy battery baby
that's Enel luck and you know what I'm
not going to apologize for that was
pretty sweet battery baby still might
not be that good but giving us the
occasional charge might pay for itself
pretty quickly here so grab that get the
heck out of town
how do I feel about homing tears I'm
like exactly neutral on them but like
when that's not fair
I'm positive on them but perhaps like
not as positive as I was about a lot of
the items we had early on in our last
run but if it helps with our ability to
aim with triple shot that I'm all for it
I shouldn't be negative homing tears is
a great item that I usually want to have
so we have an easy get-out-of-jail-free
card here that will probably give us an
undo chance to win this run we now have
the ability to respawn and will respond
with double whatever our damage is
although will also not have triple shot
I assume but I'm going to try to win it
as the keeper if we have to become dark
Judas then that's fine
I'm going to play this deal with the
devil unless it's like a very special
circumstance I'm going to play this deal
with the devil as if it's you play this
deal with the devil as if it's the
keeper and we have no
get-out-of-jail-free card assuming we
get to deal with the devil because if we
get hit we almost certainly will not yes
the fire yes and then this fire no this
way yeah under out you almost had it
there you almost tricked me into
extinguishing it yet yes so and so there
you go give me HP and then like a one
heart amazing deal that's what I want I
want damage I want to kick the crap out
of this run see like that doesn't help
us really we could be dark Judas and
make this happen I guess old bandage I'm
assuming will drop flies for us when we
get hit sometimes might be useful on the
on a blood bank sort of situation but I
did choose not to go to the shop on the
last floor probably a bad decision but
I'm looking to keep good pace here
hematemesis it's actually not that bad
we got flies out of it and again like
the benefit of having the reroll thank
you battery baby little scary come on
how many unsuccessful plays you're going
to give me here yeah I nearly screwed
that up massively there we go perfect
timing we will want to go to this room
shop library
who cares good bad I'm the one with a
gun we could always blow that we don't
have any bombs still it's the right
decision to blow this up get a coin back
I almost walked into the fire right
after that we don't need the key is we
don't need the battery charge yet at
least so this like now it was room
interesting interesting
wow that was fast
IV bag generates like a ton of flies for
us I hate my life how could that are you
kidding me man
IV bag not given us a coin when we have
when we have IV bag it's a little rude
isn't it also like I would have I was
considering rolling IV bag long term but
like I mean you can see the problem with
that it didn't give us many flies we're
looking for flies because we have old
bandage we have blank card a was old
bandage by the way normally gives you
red hearts sometimes when you get hit
but it gives us flies as the keeper
because the keeper cannot take red
hearts
come on this is getting a little silly
here um just keep moving just keep
moving so now instead we're going to you
know hold this eihwaz room the idea is
that the eihwaz room is kind of a
get-out-of-jail-free card
but also we could use it to get out of
boss rush which is better than getting
out of jail because we're not in jail in
the first place although we are locked
into boss rush I'm not locked in there
with them they're locked in there with
me is what I like to say so we're going
to just say no thank you dad a miner
said my piece on that item
I think it's borderline zany not
borderline terrible it's genuinely
terrible oh it was a little close we're
in dire need of some damage really makes
me you know long for the conditions of
last Ronnie but homing tears do they
make it plausible to do more with the
damage we have so I'm certainly you know
very for homing fears right now
battery baby it's kind of a I don't
think I've ever thought of this as a
keeper synergy but I can't deny that
it's doing decent work we've got a
fairly poor deal chance here not that
I'm suggesting you know we deserve a
better deal chance' to take some damage
on this floor got myself into some
situations I wasn't super pleased with I
hate to use my last bomb to do that but
honestly it was the right call basically
I got a hamstrung there and I had to
take to the nickel to get out but again
you could either get hit and ruin your
deviled eel chance and then pick it up
anyway I only get four cents or you can
pick up five cents on your dodge and
just be thankful for having the
opportunity to pick up five cents in the
first place so now Cuba meat is a
dangerous proposition here but it's one
that I'm happy to have let's head
downwards worst-case scenario we could
always use and this is you know we're
getting a little late in the game here
can you stone not really what I want it
but we could always use a little little
on the close side there a was to skip
the womb one or something like it you
know save us a little bit of time save
us a little bit of hassle and push us in
a good direction so our triple shot
kidney stone is going to be disgustingly
good as you can see I mean I'm going to
annoy you with this but I'm probably
going to use my Cuba meat from time to
time small rock would be lovely here
even with the speed downgrade I would be
happy to take it in a heartbeat we
didn't get it obviously but I'm still
talking about it so that's how exciting
would be dude we needed that it Sears
upgrade is not in terms of its magnitude
is not that meaningful
but in terms of its I needed that as
well come on charge it up bit of a whiff
like - - to our tears delay is not that
incredible but you know what I'll take
it I'll take a d6 room right here if you
want to give me one yeah that's what I
thought you scared or something well now
that we've taken a hit there's still
good reasons not to use a cube of meat
but there's less good reasons not to use
cube of meat especially if you've got
anything backing us up you know what I
don't like dealing with these guys in
the corner just handle it the way nature
intended I almost died there let that be
a lesson paralysis pill dude super
bummer
good dodge is okay keys
bomb you got to check this first just in
case into two of diamonds it's not then
you buy this sack of sax great item
great item we have no more bombs that's
okay
keep moving Sackett sex can do a lot of
work for you 15 cents allows you to buy
another item you know it's you know
going to be possible keep exercising
your constitutional right to use that
Cuba meet preferably without dying in
the process would be okay well you know
at some point you got to take personal
responsibility here don't jump don't
jump it's a bad time for you to jump
we've got to get ourselves together and
get on Sam stuff doing them as a clump
and we can't get out of it no we're
going to get out of it British bulldogs
gonna win whether he wants to or not so
I've now is the time this is our like
come to Jesus moment we should not use a
cube of meat anymore
I know 4.20 damage makes you think that
the cube of meat is the right play and
if we had a hundred percent efficacy on
our dodges you'd be right I mean I'm
still using it like as I say that I
shouldn't use it so that should tell you
something about the compelling power of
the the Cuba meat which is actually a
ball advantages but I don't like a
temperance card at this point I'm just
offended
shouldn't have pick that up but I saw 15
cents in my my sites and I took the
chance let's go okay
rah mega do it again wait for some
battery baby charges you don't really
want to be aggro on this guy with with
ball advantages at least like that's
potentially okay dark judas i forgot
about dark judas okay we're back let's
do this this is completely fine I mean
it was a poor play but rah mega like
base damage keeper it's a bit tricky to
begin with right now we got some actual
fuel for the fire we got some damage I
mean it's only seven damage rate of fire
is good though you don't have triple
shop and honestly triple shot is uh it's
questionable whether that's actually a
positive to begin with really wanted
some HP but bellybuttons fine we don't
really want that um can we get that
stuff no okay
now we can replace our space bar item I
almost never great shot there I almost
never use the wooden nickel as any
character but the keeper that doesn't
mean it's bad and this is our boss rush
attempt as well honestly if we managed
to win this one as dark Judas I'll
consider it a I'll consider it in the
win column as well parrot so I got we
need HP if we get HP you know the idea
we definitely would like to have demons
tail the idea is that HP is the be-all
end-all right now our damage is okay and
you know we have a hundred percent deal
chance so it's a pretty likely scenario
that we will improve our damage
throughout this run
trying to keep my eyes out for the
Invisible Man but it's not as easy as
you might expect so you leave the
battery charged on the ground just in
case you manage to grab like a nail or
something okay
good feels like I'm walking on sunshine
also completely fine now we can get out
of the mindset as well of like we have
to use our we have to use the Wooden
Nickel when we like leave or when we
enter a room is what I meant to say
there kidney stone is such a weird item
to evaluate like I have no idea how good
it is for us what I do know is that like
when I managed to get it to work on an
enemy they're dead you hear me and we
shouldn't have tried to make that dodge
work but and then we got hit at the very
end of all places what do you got for me
golden chest
not that tempting so how do we die here
that's important to think about we die
if I mean if we get a nasty room to
begin with we might find ourselves in
times of trouble we die if we have a
better chance of dying if our shop has
greed in it we win if demons tale starts
to pay out I'll take it you know I like
14 damage a glass still waiting on some
demons tail payouts but that's life let
you don't half a life you know what what
are the things that are constant in life
death and waiting on demons tail payouts
so oh that was really dumb but our rate
of fire is kind of crushing us right now
which is expected I mean I've done it to
myself for certain but you got more for
me not just the one
I didn't anticipate necessarily out
catastrophic use mascara could be but
we're not we're not dead I am very
surprised at our seeming hole okay
I actually flinched away from the
computer when that thing blew up in my
face surprised by our seeming inability
to I don't want to get close to this guy
as a thing please okay you shoddy shoddy
shot go go go
are assuming inability to get a single
spirit heart out of our situation here I
don't know with the bad rate of fire I
think we've got to focus on taking out
the debt reduce you know making sure the
Flies don't get close enough to get in
here
well sadly you're fun I think the first
thing you do is fight the boss I wish it
were not you though kidney stone and him
and him stay dialed in
Wing Commander Freddie Prinze jr. he's
done it no he's dead
dude I am I mean Isaac he'll but I'm
going to make my way through this I
actually don't think we played super
terribly spawning with two black cards
on a dank Tepes XL with not amazing
stats the chance for a loss is in there
plus we've got a little cute I was
killed by this thing in some dark place
icon so I like that for now thanks for
watching thanks for your patience with
me as I get good you enjoyed the episode
click the like button upset a great deal
of course subscribe if you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time